Added the with_foreign_keys parameter to allow disabling the creation of foreign keys (#587)
sonata-project/EntityAuditBundle: README.md

    entity_manager: custom
```

> If there is no need to create foreign keys for any reason, you can specify the corresponding parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to explicitly discard the foreign keys inferred from the audited entities, you can use the `disable_foreign_keys` parameter:
```
BTW, providing context for the use cases like the example mentioned in the PR's description can be useful here.
